[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief,"
I'm George Noory,
and we've got a great
guest for you tonight.
Rohini Moradi is the founder
of the community and podcast
called "Magic Inclined."
And after a
near-death experience
that eventually took the
life of her young baby girl,
Rohini began her
self-healing journey.
Now she is an Akashic Records
teacher and an explorer.
Welcome to "Beyond
Belief," Rohini.
>>ROHINI MORADI: Thank you so
much for having me on the show.
It's an honor to be with you.
>>NOORY: How did your
little daughter go?
>>MORADI: Well, she
passed away from SIDS.
So at two months old,
one night she went to bed
and just didn't wake
up the next day.
>>NOORY: As a parent,
I feel for you.
>>MORADI: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Did you have any notice
that there was something wrong?
Or you just went into the
room and there she was?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
We had noticed, but I
didn't really realize
what that notice was until--
>>NOORY: It was too late.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
And during her birth,
we both lost our breath.
Our heart rate dropped
below comfort levels.
I left my body.
>>NOORY: Were you in danger?
>>MORADI: We were both
in danger of dying
when she was being born.
We got rushed to the
emergency C-section room,
and the doctors were panicking.
And at a certain point, like--
>>NOORY: Were you alert?
>>MORADI: I was, but
then I left my body
and I became more alert.
I was just in panic
mode up until the point
that I was above
myself looking down.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MORADI: As I was
doing that, I--
>>NOORY: Classic
near-death experience.
>>MORADI: Yeah, mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: What got you
back into your body?
>>MORADI: I felt love.
I felt, like, a lot of
love, and I saw myself.
And I don't want to cry,
but for the first time
in a really long
time, maybe ever, I
loved myself and my life.
Prior to that, I didn't
want to live my life.
I didn't-- there
was just something--
this deep unhappiness within me.
But seeing myself as
the human that I am
and knowing that I'm
beyond this human,
but this human is important
and special made me--
>>NOORY: Did you understand
what was happening to you?
>>MORADI: No.
>>NOORY: You had no idea?
>>MORADI: I had no idea.
>>NOORY: You didn't know if
you were dead, alive, or what.
>>MORADI: I had no idea.
I just saw people screaming and
panicking, and as I'm going up
and I'm seeing
myself while people
are screaming and
panicking, yeah, my life
changed in an instant.
I came back and I was
just on cloud nine.
And I know this is
common for mothers
who just have their babies.
She was born, she
was on my chest.
And it was beyond that because
I had my daughter, Pele,
prior to that, too.
I know that feeling
of love you feel
for your child for
the first time.
This was different.
There's like a whole
layer of appreciation
that I have never felt.
But meeting her
for the first time,
too, it felt like
a kindred spirit.
>>NOORY: Are you still
in touch with her now?
>>MORADI: I am not because when
we were in India to surrender
her ashes, we saw the
same astrologer who
had given the premonition
the year before
and we told them what happened.
And he looked at my
relationship-- me
and my husband's
relationship with her
and realized that we
need to let her go.
It's like, you need to stop
calling on her so much,
and you need to let her
go on her soul's journey.
Like she came to wake you up
so that you can live your life,
and calling on her constantly
and trying to get these answers
is depriving you of fully
doing what you need to do.
>>NOORY: Akashic Records.
What are they?
>>MORADI: There are
many different ways
of explaining it,
but the one that
makes the most sense to me,
it's just astral bodies of light
that contain information
from past, present,
and possible future.
>>NOORY: Who records these?
>>MORADI: Well,
we do as we live,
and the trees do
as they breathe.
It's pretty much
ether pre-manifest.
So if you could imagine
energy continuously being
regenerated through
different lives,
it's that energy
behind the life.
>>NOORY: Remember the
movie "The Truman Show?"
>>MORADI: I do.
I don't remember--
>>NOORY: There's a recording of
everything he did in his life.
>>MORADI: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: And later on, almost
like the Akashic Records--
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They played them back.
So when he was six, he did
something, they played it back.
When he was 15,
they played it back.
Is that what the
Akashic Records are?
Where it's almost like
a history of our life?
>>MORADI: Yes, absolutely.
Yeah.
And the planet's life
and the universe's life.
It's just-- it's the
energy behind it all.
>>NOORY: And when we're
up to make our maker,
do they pull out
the Akashic Records?
You did this and you did that!
>>MORADI: I actually don't
know if I'll ever know that
personally in this lifetime.
And I do firmly believe that
while we are in these bodies,
having information like
that is really difficult.
We're not supposed to know what
happened so that we can fully
be humans now.
>>NOORY: How did you
discover these Records?
>>MORADI: Well, it
was by accident,
but through the tragedy
of losing my daughter.
It's an incredible
story, actually,
and I keep having to retell
myself the different events
that took place because
it's unbelievable to me
still how this all happened.
But after her passing,
my first instinct
was to take her
ashes back to India
and give them to the Ganges.
And this is a pretty
popular custom in India.
After someone passes, you
return their body to the Ganges,
and this is supposed to help
them ascend to their next level
and clear their path in a way.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>MORADI: So I really
wanted to do that for her.
The thought of her came
about when we were in India,
in a really small
town called Rishikesh.
I had this astrology reading
that pretty much gave us
the premonition that she
would come into our lives,
but didn't give the full
story of what would happen.
So we named her Rishi
after the town Rishikesh.
>>NOORY: Did you know about the
Akashic records at that time?
>>MORADI: No, not at all.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>MORADI: So after
she passed away,
I had never even heard of it
until months after she passed.
But about nine days
after she passed away,
there was this
magnificent full moon,
and my husband and I and
a few friends of ours
went to the backyard and
just prayed and asked
for some type of communication
with her because we
wanted to make sure she was OK.
>>NOORY: Sure, of course.
>>MORADI: We were in pain.
>>NOORY: Did you go to a
medium or anything like that?
>>MORADI: No, I didn't.
>>NOORY: No.
>>MORADI: I didn't really
do stuff like that then.
And that same
night, it so happens
that a woman that we don't
know is actually my husband's
sister's husband's coworker.
So far enough removed
where we wouldn't have ever
met her otherwise.
Started having dreams about us.
And she kept it to herself, and
weeks later, we were in India,
and we just happened
to be there the day--
we got there the day
before Mother's Day.
And on Mother's Day,
we received word
that she has had one
dream weeks before,
and now she's had a
second dream, so they
wanted to tell us about them.
>>NOORY: And were the
dreams of the little girl?
>>MORADI: No.
They're very strange.
I mean, I'll give
you the gist of them.
I feel like they were
delivered by the little girl,
but I don't think
that it personally--
it wasn't her in the dreams-- or
it might have been, who knows?
But the first dream was about
us being in a little town called
Rishikesh that I just
told you about, going
to this school for children.
And the woman saw a
school with the words--
and she couldn't
figure out what it was,
but she recognized
landmarks in Rishikesh.
So she knew we were
in India somewhere,
and then when she looked
it up after the dreams,
they're in Rishikesh,
and there's
this school there with this
woman who wears all white
that they're supposed to meet.
And she started
Googling and Googling
and found this school
called Mother Miracle run
by an Iranian woman
named Shahla Ettefagh.
And she wears only all white.
And we were about 15 minutes
away from this school
when we found out
about it in the dreams.
So this was the
beginning of the journey
to find the Akashic
Records for me.
We just started
following the prompts.
>>NOORY: Were you
obsessed with trying
to find out the information?
>>MORADI: I like this question.
In a way, yeah, I was, because--
>>NOORY: I would be.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
It was a strange
thing to have happen.
And somebody-- I don't
know having dreams with me
specifically in it going to
specific places that actually
exist where this woman didn't
know about really became,
I feel, maybe a healthy
obsession at the time
because it took my mind off of
the pain my body was feeling
and just how--
it gave like a
little bit of hope.
>>NOORY: In most religions,
they call the Good
Book your record of your life.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Is that the same
as the Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
It lives-- this
idea lives with so
many different Indigenous
cultures and religions.
So many popular
religions we know now
has some type of reference
to it where the whole idea,
even like in Christianity
with you go to the gates
and your life is
reviewed or whatnot,
it all comes from the same idea.
>>NOORY: Now what happens
when they do the review?
What did they do with that?
Did they decide to send
you to Heaven or Hell?
Are you dead when the
review is underway?
>>MORADI: I can't answer
that question because I
don't know for certain.
But I know that there
is these studies done
on what happens to us
right before we die,
and how when your brain
shuts down like a computer,
it kind of goes
through all the files.
And that's how I
imagine it to be,
where it's just like a
reliving of the imprint
that you have contributed
to the universe.
>>NOORY: Can anybody tap
into the Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: I believe so.
But I don't feel like
everyone's ready or interested.
But anybody really can.
And to tell you the
bottom line, we're
tapping into the Akashic
Records in all moments of life.
We are sitting here
tapping in at the moment.
It's just the intention
behind the information--
>>NOORY: I'm reading
yours as we speak.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
See?
>>NOORY: Chapter four, you
better to watch out for.
>>MORADI: Oof!
Hopefully chapter
four already happened.
>>NOORY: Well, how
do you tap into them?
>>MORADI: Well, there are
many different techniques,
but the technique I
like to use is directly
tied to my upbringing.
And it's about getting familiar
with your inner energy centers
and releasing the tension
around each energy center
so that you can open
up the connection
between your inner body
and your energetic body.
>>NOORY: Can you alter
the Akashic Records?
Or is it what it is?
>>MORADI: It is what it
is because the future can
obviously always be altered
based on the present,
but I don't think you can go
back in time and alter it.
>>NOORY: It reminds me of
Gene Wilder and the movie
"Pretty Woman" where
he goes, "What it is."
>>MORADI: "What it is."
>>NOORY: It is what it is.
>>MORADI: It is what it is.
And we're creating
it every moment
that we live and
breathe and feel.
So it's a beautiful collection.
>>NOORY: Do you regularly
practice Akashic Record
training?
>>MORADI: Yeah, absolutely.
I'm obsessed with it, obviously.
>>NOORY: Are you?
>>MORADI: I am.
I do, but these days, it
looks a lot different.
In the beginning, I was obsessed
with the information behind it.
The capability of
getting to know
my soul on the different
dimensional levels that I can,
but at this point in
time, my happy place
is just being able
to sit and feel
this oneness of the
vibrational frequencies
of the Akasha, and just the
ether, this life itself.
Being able to connect with
my mind, body, and soul
at the same time
is my preference.
>>NOORY: How can the
Akashic Records, Rohini,
make you a better person?
>>MORADI: Well, I'll tell you
how it made me a better person.
It gave me perspective on life.
It gave me an overview
of the human connection,
the connection with nature, how
what I do in this moment right
now today will affect
someone else tomorrow.
So I feel it gives us the
overview and perspective
of what is possible.
>>NOORY: If you've had
various reincarnated lives,
would you have separate
Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: No.
>>NOORY: Or would they
be all in the same book?
>>MORADI: It's all
in the same book.
It's the same soul going
through different vessels.
>>NOORY: Correct.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
And the same-- and all
the different souls
together all have an
Akashic Records together.
Like our connection
will have its own record
that we go and take
our separate ways.
>>NOORY: Are there techniques
to tap into the Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Explain
what they could be.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
Meditation.
And after you get really
good at meditation,
which doesn't happen
too often, meditation
is a practice of life.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MORADI: But it's
the intention you
build behind the
practice of meditation,
and that intention can be
achieved without meditation
after practice.
Another way that
I've discovered--
and I'm absolutely in
love with these days,
is using frequencies,
different frequencies.
And this actually
happened by accident
while I was in the middle of
teaching some of my students
during a training,
I started getting
obsessed with plant
frequency and recording
the different
frequencies plants emit
and converting that
into musical notes.
And I realized, when I put those
frequencies in a theta state,
it helped my students achieve
that connection a lot faster.
>>NOORY: Well, plants
have a live basis.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Do you
remember Cleve Backster?
Do you ever remember his work?
>>MORADI: No, actually.
>>NOORY: He would hook
up plants to electrodes.
>>MORADI: Yeah, mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: And he did
an experiment one day
where he had a plant with
an electrode all hooked up,
and we could see the
beep of the-- almost
like the heartbeat of the plant.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Beep, beep, beep, beep.
He had another plant
next to that plant
and sent a guy in who
shredded that plant.
>>MORADI: Oh my--
>>NOORY: Pulled it
out of the little vase
and chopped it up
and everything else.
The beep on the other plant
that was there as a witness
went beep, beep, beep, beep,
beep, beep, beep, beep.
And then he left and
it calmed down again.
He came back into the room
and it picked up again.
It tells you plants
have an intelligence.
>>MORADI: Absolutely,
absolutely.
And they are communicating--
>>NOORY: Think of that the next
time you bite into a carrot,
right?
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS]
I'll try not to.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Is there
anything about the Records
that somebody should
be embarrassed about?
>>MORADI: No, not at all.
The one thing that I've learned
through my personal exploration
and through guiding
my students is
that the things that we
think are embarrassing
or the things we're not
proud of ourselves about
are viewed as a third person,
and there's like a loving
blanket around that view as well
where you're seeing the person
and why they did
the things they did.
There's usually many
reasons behind it.
So once you see what
brought somebody
to make a certain decision, you
have more compassion for them
and we have more
compassion for ourselves
when we view those things
within our own records.
>>NOORY: But they show
everything, good and bad,
right?
>>MORADI: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: And should
we be embarrassed
when the bad stuff pops up?
>>MORADI: No, I don't think so.
I think it's about
learning, accepting,
and using that knowledge
to not let it happen again.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>MORADI: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Do you have to be
alive or dead to tap into this?
>>MORADI: Well,
when you're dead,
your ether pre-manifests again.
So--
>>NOORY: It's a
little too late, hmm?
>>MORADI: Well, you're in it.
You're in that frequency,
but yeah, being alive,
I think, is--
and it's not even something
that is necessary,
but it does really help a
person live more intentionally
and fully in their purpose.
Because now, instead of having
the information that we receive
in our lifetimes,
the programming
we've received we've
seen or whatnot,
now we have lifetimes
of experience
that we can call upon for
different frustrations
in our lives or
to seek which path
we should follow or whatnot.
So it's kind of having the
biggest life coach there is--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MORADI: --to guide you.
>>NOORY: Give us a process
of tapping into the Akashic
Records.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
So what I--
>>NOORY: Kind of teach us.
>>MORADI: Yeah, absolutely.
What I personally do is I
get into a meditative state
and I visit each energy
center within my body.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MORADI: I open
them up and I just
release whatever tension
is sitting there.
Once that happens,
I feel a lightness,
and there and at this
point, I am grounding myself
into the Earth, I'm
opening up my crown chakra,
and then I'll go
down into my heart
and I'll start opening it up.
And as I'm opening up my
heart and releasing whatever
boundaries I've
placed in front of it,
then I will go to my throat
energy center, my throat
chakra, and out loud declare
that I am intentionally
tapping in now.
And the throat
chakra is directly
connected to the
Akasha through--
>>NOORY: Does your voice change?
>>MORADI: No, it doesn't.
But the vibrational
frequencies--
>>NOORY: Can you
do that right now?
>>MORADI: Yeah, of course.
I say, the Records are
now open, or, I am now
connected fully to the Akasha.
>>NOORY: Do you chant?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
I love chanting.
>>NOORY: Give us a chant.
>>MORADI: OK.
Ommmm.
>>NOORY: Ommmm.
>>MORADI: And the beautiful
thing with Om, too,
is when you say it,
you want to feel
that frequency go all
the way up your spine,
open up, and then
recycle back down,
and it's an easy way to
open up your energy centers.
>>NOORY: Back in the '60s,
hippies would do that.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And we
always used to think,
what's wrong with these people?
But maybe they were
ahead of the game, huh?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
I mean, they took a
lot from Hinduism,
which they've been doing
for thousands of years.
>>NOORY: Is there any limit
as to how big your Akashic
Records can be?
>>MORADI: No.
Just like the universe,
we are always expanding.
It's infinite expansion.
>>NOORY: And the
more you're into it,
the better you should
become as a human being?
>>MORADI: No, not necessarily.
>>NOORY: No?
>>MORADI: I mean, it depends.
It depends on what you decide.
And we're all here for
different journeys.
So it's even tough to
say that someone who
practices that often
is automatically
a good or bad human.
>>NOORY: Of the
tens of thousands
of people who are going to
be watching this program
and are watching
it now, what advice
would you give them when
they're sitting back
going, I want to get
into my Akashic Records,
I want to see what I've done
since I was a little boy.
I want to track my soul.
What would you tell them?
>>MORADI: I would
tell them to go for it
and how expansive and beautiful
their journey is going to be,
but the main thing is, once you
have that intention set in mind
that this is something
you want to do,
you just have to sit
down and practice it.
And it takes quite some time.
It's not an automatic, I'm going
to see what the whole universe
is about kind of situation.
>>NOORY: Can everybody tap
into the Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: I believe so.
If they truly want to,
they definitely can.
>>NOORY: No mistakes?
>>MORADI: I mean,
it takes some time
to learn discernment, especially
with the unseen world.
And it's a practice.
So through that practice,
you learn from your mistakes.
>>NOORY: Are there helpers?
Spiritual helpers who
help you along the way?
>>MORADI: I believe so.
>>NOORY: Have you
dealt with any of them?
>>MORADI: Yeah,
I have, actually.
And one of them came to me--
because of that woman's
dreams, she came--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
And it's the spirit
of Anandamayi
who I didn't know
about prior to this,
but she's the one who helps
me and helps guide me.
>>NOORY: You have a bearded
man standing over you now.
>>MORADI: Oh no!
>>NOORY: Who claims that
he is responsible for most
of your Akashic Records.
>>MORADI: Wow.
>>NOORY: Now who would he be?
>>MORADI: I have no idea.
>>NOORY: I see him.
I have that ability.
>>MORADI: Wow.
So you do.
You know what's interesting?
The first time I tapped
into the Akasha--
>>NOORY: Did you see him?
>>MORADI: I saw him.
And I haven't known who
he is and now I'm feeling.
>>NOORY: He says he's not
Jesus or anything like that.
>>MORADI: No, but he
has the long beard.
>>NOORY: He's got a
long, white beard.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: He's got a
white robe, white hair.
And he kind of glows.
>>MORADI: That's who I saw.
And I saw him up in the
clouds, and I was like--
>>NOORY: Might he have been
your grandfather or somebody
like that?
>>MORADI: I don't think I've
known him in this lifetime.
>>NOORY: Was he assigned to you?
>>MORADI: Maybe.
I don't think I've been
given the opportunity--
>>NOORY: He's smiling right now.
>>MORADI: Really?
Of course.
>>NOORY: And now
he's waving goodbye.
>>MORADI: Aww.
>>NOORY: And off he goes.
I don't know what
that was all about.
I have no idea,
but it's bizarre.
But you have seen him?
>>MORADI: I have seen him.
I saw him the first
time ever and that's it.
And the first time I
tapped into the Akasha,
I wasn't experienced
enough to ask questions
or to hold on to that state.
So it was like a very quick
flash and it went away,
and I really have
not seen it since.
>>NOORY: He noticed
me, kind of smiled,
but he wasn't talking to me.
He was more interested in you.
>>MORADI: Wow.
>>NOORY: Could he
be a guardian angel?
>>MORADI: I believe so.
I mean, that feels
right in my heart.
The thing that keeps coming
up for me is my heritage.
I'm Iranian, and
through our bloodline,
we have a lot of mystics
and a lot of magi.
So I feel like it's
from that time,
from the Zoroastrians
ruling Persia era.
I feel like that's
where he's from.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
get into a car accident?
>>MORADI: I did.
>>NOORY: That's in the book.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: So why am I
tapping into your book?
>>MORADI: I don't know.
That's interesting.
That car accident
almost killed me.
>>NOORY: And it
wasn't your fault.
>>MORADI: It wasn't my fault.
I was in the passenger seat.
Wow.
It's actually-- it's been a
recurring sore spot in my life
since it happened.
>>NOORY: The little old man
claims that he pulled you out
of the accident.
>>MORADI: Hmm.
The same one?
>>NOORY: Same person.
So he apparently has been
with you for a long time.
>>MORADI: Wow.
>>NOORY: But do we all
have somebody like him?
Is there somebody
with me right now?
>>MORADI: I don't have
that ability to see that.
I wish I did.
But I bet.
What I've noticed
during readings--
>>NOORY: Why can I see
yours and I can't see mine?
>>MORADI: I don't know.
So you can't see your own?
>>NOORY: No.
>>MORADI: Interesting.
Yeah, I don't know.
>>NOORY: It's all
about energy, isn't it?
>>MORADI: Yeah, it really is.
>>NOORY: Who started, in your
opinion, the Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: Nobody.
No one.
But I feel that it was a
common ritual in India--
>>NOORY: Are various
cultures aware of this?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Do they all
call it the same thing?
>>MORADI: No.
I know in Sanskrit and
Hinduism, they called it Akash.
And it's something similar
in Buddhism as well.
Their word for it like
translates to astral
light, astral bodies of light.
>>NOORY: Is it sometimes
called "The Book of Life?"
>>MORADI: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Different religions
have different things--
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
But many Indigenous
cultures have studied--
>>NOORY: Shamans?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Moors, druids, you name it.
Mayans.
>>NOORY: What determines
what goes into the book?
>>MORADI: The energy we emit.
>>NOORY: Well, you can't
put everything in it.
>>MORADI: No.
>>NOORY: You can't put Rohini
had a chicken dinner tonight.
It's not in the book.
>>MORADI: No.
>>NOORY: These are
emotional things
that deal with special
things that happen.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
Our heart emits what is written.
>>NOORY: You helped
a homeless person.
I bet that's in the book.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Stuff like that.
>>MORADI: If your heart
was in it, absolutely.
>>NOORY: So what's the next
step for the Akashic Records?
What happens next?
>>MORADI: Well, for me, is
to continue being a student
and learning how to humble
myself more and more every day
so that I can be
connected to my soul,
and we are connected
to our soul,
but my struggle and I feel
like a lot of humans' struggle
lays behind trying to take
the wheel from our soul
and putting that
control in our lives,
but my practice every day from
going forth is letting my soul
drive without me having
that draw to take the wheel.
>>NOORY: What famous
people have been
linked to the Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: Well, so many.
Two of my favorites
are Nikola Tesla
and I love Edgar Cayce,
who's the grandfather.
Nikola Tesla is
my favorite person
to talk about in this
regard because he actually
had a guru, Swami
Vivekananda, who
used to guide him and
help him with energy
and his inner world and--
>>NOORY: Well, he
did a great job.
>>MORADI: He did a great job.
But Tesla's mind
was prepared to go
to the places he
went with it as well.
He educated himself and just had
that genius mind to begin with,
his DNA.
But yeah, he's one
of my favorites
to talk about because
the things he discovered
he would say that he would
go to bed with a question
and wake up with an answer.
And I fully contribute
that to the inner work
that he was doing with his guru.
>>NOORY: Wouldn't
it be wonderful
if they came up
with a computer app
that you can tap into your
Akashic Records electronically
on your computer?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And it just comes up.
>>MORADI: It would
be so wonderful.
>>NOORY: I'd get one.
>>MORADI: I would get one, too.
But would that take the mystique
out of it if it was like--
>>NOORY: I don't think so.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>MORADI: Maybe it
would help more people.
That's like a part of my
mission, too, is like--
>>NOORY: Know your
Akashic Records.
Download the app.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
Akasha, the app name.
>>NOORY: See, I have astrologers
on the "Coast-to-Coast"
radio show.
And people call in for readings.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: But most
of the astrologers
aren't doing it from memory.
They have a-- they're
sitting at a computer.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: So you will call in
and say, I was born on May 3,
they'll say what
your Zodiac sign is,
then they'll type that in.
And all of a sudden the
spreadsheet opens up.
You will do this, this,
this, this, this, and this.
The computer age has
helped astrology.
Why not the Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: Maybe we
are the computers
for the Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
Maybe we are the app.
>>NOORY: What is
the energetic body?
>>MORADI: The energetic body
is the frequency that lives
around--
>>NOORY: Is it your aura?
>>MORADI: Yeah, your aura.
Mm-hmm, absolutely.
And your aura resembles
your inner body as well.
So it's a direct reflection
of what's going on inside.
>>NOORY: You
mentioned Edgar Cayce.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: A great
American prophet.
>>MORADI: Yes.
>>NOORY: There was a story that
he was getting on an elevator.
The door opened and he
sees four people in there
and does not see any
auras on any of them.
Everything's dark.
>>MORADI: Wow.
>>NOORY: And it scared
him because that's never
happened to him before.
So he backed off.
He didn't go in the elevator.
The door closed,
the cable snapped,
and all four of
those people died.
He had a vision that they had
no auras because they were dead.
How does that happen?
>>MORADI: I'm not really
sure, but I know--
I've heard of stories where
people know like weeks before,
sometimes months before
that they're going to go,
you just don't know how.
But I bet once you
know, like your soul
knows something happens with
your energetic body as well
to prepare.
>>NOORY: You were chanting
earlier in the program.
>>MORADI: Yes.
>>NOORY: Does that
kind of frequency
open up all kinds of things?
>>MORADI: Absolutely, yeah.
>>NOORY: Does that
make you feel better?
>>MORADI: It depends what
the intention is behind it.
Because we can be chanting
negative things to ourselves
that will make us
feel worse, but that's
the idea behind
mantras and whatnot,
is the intention behind
the vibrational frequency
that you emit.
>>NOORY: Some people who
have a hard time connecting
to their Akashic Records,
what do you recommend they do?
>>MORADI: Practice.
Let go of expectations.
>>NOORY: Do you teach them?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you?
>>MORADI: Through my
website generally.
>>NOORY: Which is?
Magicinclined.com.
>>NOORY: Magicinclined.com?
>>MORADI: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: All right, cool.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you train them?
>>MORADI: I do.
Yeah.
I love it.
>>NOORY: And have they come
back to you with good results?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, absolutely.
I feel so honored
that I even get
to do that and see the
ripple effect of the work
that we're putting
out into the world.
It's been really awesome.
>>NOORY: Do you find
that when you go out,
you're obsessed with
people's Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: No.
>>NOORY: You don't.
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS] Not at all.
>>NOORY: So you
don't go up to people
and say, I'm going to
do a reading on you?
>>MORADI: Never.
I've never done that.
I'm actually quite reluctant.
I'm always like,
ugh, everyone just
get to know your own
thing, deal with your own.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: And is it
constantly changing?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
It's in constant
change and growth.
>>NOORY: For the better?
>>MORADI: Well,
it depends on what
you're doing in the moment.
It's not always for the better.
>>NOORY: Does the
Akashic Records
also foretell the future?
>>MORADI: Yeah, you can--
>>NOORY: --of individuals,
of the world events?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
There are ways--
like Nostradamus
used it to foresee the future.
And the thing with that is
once you see a future event
or whatnot, things can
change based on the actions
that the collective
or you individually
put out from that point on.
So let's say I go to seek
an answer about-- maybe I
have a job interview
and I want to see
what would happen with that.
And if I go on with
my life as I am,
that future prediction
could absolutely come true,
but if I change something
to better prepare
or maybe, I don't know,
reroute to a different place,
that future outcome
will change as well.
>>NOORY: How do you prepare
your work with a client?
How do you start that?
>>MORADI: Well, I like to get
to know who they are first,
but the first thing
that we do is we go deep
into our root chakra.
>>NOORY: And you're
not a psychic right?
>>MORADI: No.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MORADI: I am not.
So I do--
I feel like I mainly deal
with people's inner energy
and letting them--
teaching them how to
balance that energy so
that they can place it-- they
can reprogram their computer.
I think once you
reprogram your computer
and you get rid of all
the old data that's
making it run slower, then
it becomes a lot easier
to start it up and connect
to whatever website
you're going to, if that's the
Akashic Records or whatnot.
So that's where we start.
>>NOORY: Who writes
the Akashic Records?
We do?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
We're all writing
it collectively.
>>NOORY: What if
we make a mistake?
What if we are not happy
with something we've done?
What if we're remorseful?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Can you get
that fixed in the book?
>>MORADI: Well, no,
that'll be there.
But what you can do is learn
from that mistake and put--
>>NOORY: Not do it again.
>>MORADI: Yeah, absolutely.
Because humans have a tendency
to fall into patterns as you
know.
We fall into patterns
really easily
because we find comfort in them.
But once we realize that
a certain pattern is
a disadvantage to our
future and our goals,
then we have the
ability to change
in that moment going forth.
>>NOORY: And again,
the Akashic Records
start from the
moment you're born?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
I mean, the moment
your soul expanded,
when you were a speck of a
soul, that's when it started.
And it builds and grows
through the different lifetimes
that it goes.
>>NOORY: Do you tell your
clients everything you see?
I mean, have you seen
things in their records
that you said, oh, I'm not
going to tell them about this?
>>MORADI: No.
I always--
>>NOORY: Lay it out there?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
If I read-- if I do a
reading for someone,
my job is to be a translator.
That's all I'm doing, is
I'm just translating--
>>NOORY: So if you
see good and bad--
>>MORADI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --you say it?
>>MORADI: Mm-hmm.
It's for their own good to
receive all the information
that's coming.
>>NOORY: Do the Akashic
Records foretell the future?
>>MORADI: Yeah,
you can absolutely
look into the future.
>>NOORY: So they may have the
end result of things for you?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: That would be great
to be able to tap into--
>>MORADI: I mean, that's
the fun part of it,
is no future is
ever set in stone
and it can always be altered.
>>NOORY: George
Norry, you're going
to get this television program
called "Beyond Belief" one day,
10 years from now.
Or you're going to do
this national radio show.
It would be in there.
It probably was, right?
>>MORADI: Absolutely.
Yeah, absolutely it was.
>>NOORY: If I could
have tapped into it,
I would have known even sooner.
>>MORADI: But it
might have scared you
and you might not have
followed through either.
>>NOORY: Nothing scares me.
>>MORADI: [LAUGHS] That's great.
It's magical, isn't it?
>>MORADI: It is magical.
The unseen world is so magical.
That's the reason I named
my company what I did.
>>NOORY: And the name
of your company is?
>>MORADI: Magic Inclined.
Just--
>>NOORY: Sure.
Just like the website, right?
>>MORADI: Yeah.
Because it is magical--
>>NOORY: Go figure.
>>MORADI: Yeah.
And magical doesn't
have to be just
good, but magical is like
this show, "Beyond Belief."
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>MORADI: It's those spaces
that we are taught not
to believe in that is magical.
>>NOORY: Take us
through a stage.
Somebody contacts
you first time.
What do you do?
>>MORADI: Well, I give
them the different avenues
where they could do that.
I don't offer
readings very often.
Maybe once or twice a year.
>>NOORY: That's not a lot.
>>MORADI: No.
My main intention is I
don't want to read for you.
All I want to do
is teach you how
to do it for yourself, because
I feel like that's more powerful
and the ripple effect of that--
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MORADI: --is more valuable
than just going and doing it
for somebody.
But there are amazing
readers out there, too,
I'm not saying you
shouldn't get a reading.
It's just my job
is to teach people
how to do that on their own.
So I give them different ways
that we can work together,
whether it's a self-paced course
or a freebie or whatever it is.
But I just want
people to feel how--
or not feel, but like
know how powerful they are
and how much they
can accomplish.
>>NOORY: Rohini thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MORADI: Thank you so
much for having me, George.
The honor was all mine.
>>NOORY: Can we alter
our Akashic Records?
>>MORADI: We can
always alter the future
within our Akashic
Records, but what
we place in it within
every moment stays there.
>>NOORY: So in many
cases, it is what it is?
>>MORADI: Yes, absolutely.
It is what it is.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]